feat: add vm-migration-network setting (#811)
harvester/docs: docs/advanced/settings.md

}
```

### `vm-migration-network`

> **Definition**: Segregated network for VM migration traffic.
> 
> By default, VM migration uses the management network, which is limited to a single interface and shared with cluster-wide workloads. If your implementation requires network segregation, you can use a [vm migration network](./vm-migration-network.md) to isolate VM migration in-cluster data traffic.
> 
> :::info important
> 
> Specify an IP range in the IPv4 CIDR format. The number of IPs must be equal to or large than the number of your cluster nodes.
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Definition**: Segregated network for virtual machine migration traffic.

By default, Harvester uses the built-in cluster network `mgmt` for virtual machine migration. `mgmt` is limited to a single interface and is shared with cluster-wide workloads. If your implementation requires network segregation, you can use a [VM migration network](./vm-migration-network.md) to isolate migration traffic.

:::info important

Specify an IP range in the IPv4 CIDR format. The number of IP addresses must be larger than or equal to the number of your cluster nodes.

:::
```

}
```

### `vm-migration-network`

**Definition**: Segregated network for virtual machine migration traffic.

By default, Harvester uses the built-in cluster network `mgmt` for virtual machine migration. `mgmt` is limited to a single interface and is shared with cluster-wide workloads. If your implementation requires network segregation, you can use a [VM migration network](./vm-migration-network.md) to isolate migration traffic.

:::info important

> Specify an IP range in the IPv4 CIDR format. The number of IP addresses must be larger than or equal to the number of your cluster nodes.

Reviewer 2: The storage network is required for Longhorn pods for data plane (IM and share manager pods), while the VM migration network is needed for each VM/virt-launcher pod. I suggest updating the explanation of the IP range as below. WDYT?

cc @Vicente-Cheng @WebberHuang1118 

```suggestion
Specify an IP range in the IPv4 CIDR format. The number of IP addresses must be larger than or equal to the number of VMs.
```

Author: Based on my testing, only virt-handler get live-migration IP like:

```yaml
    k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/network-status: |-
      [{
          "name": "k8s-pod-network",
          "ips": [
              "10.52.0.93"
          ],
          "default": true,
          "dns": {}
      },{
          "name": "harvester-system/vm-migration-network-g2cr7",
          "interface": "migration0",
          "ips": [
              "10.1.2.2"
          ],
          "mac": "ae:20:fb:20:67:94",
          "dns": {}
      }]
```

Other kubevirt pods including virt-lanucher, they don't have live-migration IP:

```
    k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/network-status: |-
      [{
          "name": "k8s-pod-network",
          "ips": [
              "10.52.1.32"
          ],
          "default": true,
          "dns": {}
      }]
```

Each node has one virt-handler, I think we can just mention "cluster nodes" here.

Reviewer 2: Yeah that's fair, the same as storage network.
